// peepdf comment: Javascript code located in object 17 (version 1)

BT 66 711.75 TD 0 0 0 rg / F0 9.75 Tf 0.15 Tc 0 Tw(Re: Time Warner 's comments on the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.) Tj0 -22.5  TD (To Whom it May Concern:) Tj0 -23.25  TD (I am aware of Time Warner'
s concerns concerning copyright.However,
I also) Tj 0 - 11.25 TD(believe that many of the comments to which I am replying are shortsighted, or) Tj T * (contain glaring omissions.This, I will examine their response point - by - point, ) Tj T * (and state my own responses to these.) Tj 0 - 22.5 TD(Point 3 states that "copyright protection measures"
have not blocked out access) Tj 0 - 11.25 TD(
for people who wish to lawfully use products such as DVD discs.This is patently) Tj T * (false.Using the CSS system
for DVD discs as an example, I can state that such) Tj T * (measures not only prevent access to lawful users, but do so in a discriminatory) Tj T * (manner.The first issue with such systems is access on computers.Aside from a) Tj 0 - 12 TD(relatively small number of authorized DVD playing set - top boxes, it is) Tj 0 - 11.25 TD(theoretically possible to play these discs on a personal computer.However, no) Tj T * (quality playing software has been made available on any platforms other than) Tj T * (Microsoft 's Windows operating systems. A player also exists for Apple'
s Mac OS, ) Tj T * (however the quality of this software is poor, as the audio often loses) Tj T * (synchronization with the video.I am currently unaware of any software
for any) Tj T * (other platform which can play a DVD disc at all, much less in a high - quality) Tj T * (manner.This is discrimination, based on the user 's choice of operating system.) TjT* (Clearly, an open standard would allow for users to create software to play a DVD) Tj0 -12  TD (disc on any platform they desire, and it could do so without causing any damage) Tj0 -11.25  TD (due to copyright if implemented correctly.) Tj0 -22.5  TD (Another interesting example is Stephen King'
s newest book, entitled "Riding the) Tj0 -11.25  TD (Bullet."
This book has been released only in electronic form, using a) Tj T * (proprietary "e-book"
format.King uses an Apple Macintosh computer,
for which) Tj T * (there are currently no programs which can read this format.Therefore, Stephen) Tj T * (King cannot read his own book without first transferring it to another format.) Tj T * (This violates the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.Therefore, simply because of) Tj T * (his choice of computing platform, it is illegal
for Stephen King to read a book) Tj 0 - 12 TD(which he himself wrote.For more information on this, please see the Law News) Tj 0 - 11.25 TD(Network article on the subject, which can be found on the Internet at) Tj T * (http: //www.lawnewsnetwork.com/practice/techlaw/news/A20129-2000Mar30.html) Tj
0 - 22.5 TD(The other discriminatory manner in which products such as CSS prevent access to) Tj 0 - 11.25 TD(legitimate users is seen in the "regional encoding"
of DVD and similar products.) Tj T * (Far from preventing piracy\ (as this "protection"
can be easily circumvented with) Tj T * (the purchase of a DVD player set to play discs from other regions\), this) Tj T * (software has enabled two more insidious practices.First, artificial inflation) Tj T * (of prices.It is well - known that the same DVD disc brings different prices in ) Tj 0 - 12 TD(different markets.The United States,
for example, has one of the highest) Tj 0 - 11.25 TD(average prices
for a DVD disc in the world.Other nations, such as India, pay) Tj T * (less, in some cases dramatically less,
for the same disc.The lower prices are) Tj T * (obviously still profitable to a DVD - making business; otherwise, the discs could) Tj T * (not be sold at all in these nations.However, regional encoding and similar) Tj T * (technologies allow them to force users in the United States and Europe to pay) Tj T * (artificially - inflated prices.This is discriminatory, based on a user 's choice) TjT* (of residence.) Tj0 -23.25  TD (The second problem with regional encoding deals with one of the very practices) Tj0 -11.25  TD (which this  nation was formed to prevent: censorship. An example of this can be) TjT* (seen in DVD discs containing Stanley Kubrick'
s final film, entitled "Eyes Wide) TjT* (Shut."
The version sold in the United States has been digitally altered in ) Tj T * (subtle ways, including the insertion of black - robed figures into various scenes) Tj ET

// peepdf comment: Javascript code located in object 2 (version 1)

BT 66 711.75 TD 0 0 0 rg / F0 9.75 Tf 0.15 Tc 0 Tw(which block the user 's view of portions of the screen. This same movie is sold) Tj0 -11.25  TD (without these figures in other regions. Ostensibly, this is to prevent children) TjT* (from viewing "objectionable content." However, it is already stated quite) TjT* (clearly on the disc packaging and the movie itself that this disc is not to be) Tj0 -12  TD (viewed by children anyway. Thus, there is no need for taking such measures to) Tj0 -11.25  TD (protect someone who is never supposed to see this film.) Tj0 -22.5  TD (Points 4 and 5 assert that copy-protection measures have not prevented lawful) Tj0 -11.25  TD (users from using their legitimately-purchased content; this has been disproven) TjT* (above. Point 5 additionally states that the content has been made more widely) TjT* (available because of such technology. However, no proof of this fact has been) TjT* (given.) Tj0 -22.5  TD (Point 6 asserts that the VHS format and television formats are available as) Tj0 -12  TD (alternatives to the DVD format. The truth is, neither of these are viable) Tj0 -11.25  TD (alternatives. Quality of picture and sound are degraded significantly, and the) TjT* (films are often released on these formats much later than on DVD. Further,) TjT* (television presents the problem of commercial interruptions, which are absent on) TjT* (DVD and VHS. This hearkens back to the fallacy of "separate but equal" seen in) TjT* (many restaurants in the early and middle twentieth century, where the facilities) TjT* (provided for African-Americans were normally of much poorer quality than those) TjT* (provided for whites. While the basis for discrimination is different with the) TjT* (differing formats, parallels can clearly be drawn.) Tj0 -23.25  TD (Point 13 is nothing more than a reiteration of statements proven false above.) Tj0 -22.5  TD (Points 14 and 15 are identical, and relate to "such works or '
classes ' of works") Tj0 -11.25  TD (without even stating to what the phrase "such works" is supposed to refer. I can) TjT* (only assume that this is an error in the document itself, but it does show a) TjT* (pattern of repeating the same point over and over again. This is generally) TjT* (considered to be poor form in a debate.) Tj0 -22.5  TD (Points 16 and 17 are also identical. These elaborate on the statement made in) Tj0 -12  TD (Points 14 and 15. However, they challenge users to come forth and state that) Tj0 -11.25  TD (they have been engaging in legitimate activities while circumventing copyright) TjT* (protections. This is clearly a violation of the doctrine that a person must be) TjT* (presumed innocent until proven guilty. No person in the United States can be) TjT* (forced to prove his own legitimate acts; rather, it is the task of an accuser to) TjT* (prove illegal acts. Therefore, this final statement in Points 16 and 17 must be) TjT* (taken as invalid, as it cannot be fulfilled in a constitutional manner.) Tj0 -22.5  TD (Points 19 and 20 state a probable negative effect on the DVD market if copyright) Tj0 -11.25  TD (protections were to be removed. Again, however, no evidence toward this is) Tj0 -12  TD (given. While Point 20 does cite the delay of DVD-Audio and its delay due to the) Tj0 -11.25  TD (exictence of DeCSS, it does not prove that DeCSS makes DVD-Audio an inviable) TjT* (market, or would have had any effect on said market. Indeed, it is unlikely that) TjT* (DeCSS would have had any impact on this market, owing to the fact that the DVD-) TjT* (Audio standard had not been published at the time and therefore it would have) TjT* (been impossible for DeCSS in its present form to circumvent the copyright) TjT* (protections.) Tj0 -22.5  TD (Point 21 states that the author is unaware of any impact on the DVD markets) Tj0 -12  TD (which is attributable to such circumvention. This is appropriate, because a) Tj0 -11.25  TD (quick look at the sales figures in the current markets is enough to prove that) TjT* (no impact attributable to copyright circumvention has even taken place.) TjT* (Particularly interesting is the example of the compact disc industry. The) TjT* (Recording Industry Association of America \(RIAA\) has constantly stated that the) TjET

